Kaliyuga Is Not 4,32,000 Years Old And That Kaliyuga Is Already Over.Now, the time has come that the Lord has taken birth to establish righteousness in the world, and we are now in the transition period between Kaliyuga and Adi Satya yuga. Many Events Mentioned in This eBook Are Not to Afraid or Fear You. It is to Aware You of What Will Be Happening in the Upcoming few Years.

Bhavishya Malika was written 500 years ago by Mahapurush Saint Achyutananda Dasa. He was considered to have the power to see the past, present, and future.

Who Were Panchsakhas? Who is Saint Achyutanand Das? What is Bhavishya Malika? 
Panchsakhas - Achyutananda, Ananta , Jagannath, Balrama and Jaswant
Panchsakha's Were the great devotees and close Friends of Lord Chaitanya Mahaprabhu.
In Tretayuga - Panchsakhas Name were Nil, Nal, Sugreev, Hanuman and Sushein
In Dwaparyuga - Panchsakhas Name Were Sudama, Subahu, Dama, Subal and Shribach.
They Got instruction from Lord Chaitanya Mahaprabhu to write down the Leelas. that will be Performed by Lord at the end of Kaliyug.

Mahapurush saint Achyutanand Das Who was Main Among Panch Sakhas, At the Age of 10 Used to do meditation under a Banayan Tree, One day During Meditation He got instructions From Lord Chaitanya Mahapravu to Write about the Future Happenings When Lord Kalki Will Arrive. And How he will Do His  Leelas.
Then Mahapurush Saint Achyutanand Das Starts Writing Bhavishya Malika. So, Bhavishya Malika tells Us About the Future Events, How Kaliyug will End?How will
be Kaliyug? How We can know that we are living In the end times of Kaliyug? About Lord, How Lord will do Leelas?


Achyutananda Dasa was born in Tilakona in the Cuttack District of Orissa in 1482 on Magha Sukla Ekadasi. He is believed to have been born with the powers of Shri Garuda (the half-man, half-bird vehicle of Shri Visnu), who had taken birth as Shri Krishna's friend Shri Sudama during the Mahabharata era and was born as Shri Achyutananda Das in this Kaliyuga about 550 years before. His father's name was Deenbandhu Khuntia, and his mother's name was Padmavati. And his grandfather's name was Gopinatha Mohanty, a scribe in the Jagannath Temple, Puri. He was born after his mother prayed at the pillar in front of the Jagannath Temple, and his father had a dream that the divine bird Garuda brought him a child.
Achyutananda had a formal education in Puri. Achyutananda was known as a sad child until he met his guru, Chaitanya Mahaprabhu. His life changed when the guru whispered the Mahamantra in his ear. It is said that Achyutananda Das was very unmindful in his studies during his childhood and was taken by his father to Puri for a darshan of Lord Jagannath, during which Sri Chaitanya was present at Puri and on the Grand Trunk Road in front of Jagannath Temple, he was leading a procession of kirtan by the Gaudiya Vaishnavites when Achyuta's father made him touch the holy feet of Sri Chaitanya, and it is also said that with touching His holy feet, a change came in Achyuta, and he started pronouncing scriptures, and a great attraction for learning came to him immediately. At the behest of He, he became one of the Panchasakha (the five friends) of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu.
The five friends are known as Achyutananda Dasa, Ananta Dasa, Yasovanta Dasa, Jagannatha Dasa, and Balarama Dasa. These five friends are said to incarnate whenever Lord Vishnu takes incarnation.
After 18 years of staying in Puri and spreading the Hare Krishna mantra, Shri Chaitanya one day disappeared with a bolt of lightning into the idol of Lord Jagannath.
The devotees were still waiting for him in front of the Garuda Stambha (a pillar named Garuda) in the temple of Lord Jagannath. The illusionary Chaitanya (Visnu) created another illusion and went away after fulfilling his wish of spreading the MahaMantra. He had declared that this PanchaSakhaa is his five Atmaas (souls) and is not less than the manifestation of Lord Vishnu himself. That was the mystical disappearance of Lord Chaitanya. He disappeared into the Daru Brahma (wooden form of Brahma).
Achyutananda was the most prolific writer among the Panchasakha. His books are still available in the ancient Oriya language, which is a mix of Sanskrit and modern Oriya. He primarily adopted twelve disciples Whom he called Dvadasha Gopala (Twelve cowherdmen), of whom he was the initiator of the Gopala mantra/Mahamantra and divided them into two groups as Panchashakha (five branches) and Saptashakha (seven branches).
His chief disciple, Rama Das, had Twelve disciples whom he initiated into the Mahamantra. These two groups of Devadashas gopalas make another group called Chabisha
Gopala (24 cowherdmen), which were the divine sects of spiritual disciples (apostles) in his system of propagating the holy lila of the Lord. The core group, Dvadasha Gopala (the twelve disciples) of Achyutananda, who belonged to the community of the cowherdmen, were Rama, Utthana, Bhratha,Mukunda, Dharma, Ananda, Bakra, Batsa, Vishnu, Jadava, Paban, and Nanda.
Five of Them were the closest disciples of Achyutananda: Rama, Bhratha, Bakra, Dharma and Bishnu, and they are called Panchashakha (the five branches of the Achyuta,tree) and their monasteries existed at five different places, like Kameswariban, Khadiraban, Chandrabhaga-Sangarasa Village, Ekamra Kanan, and Hemban, respectively.
Achyutananda had a total of sixteen thousand disciples, of whom the Dvadasha Gopala, headed by Rama Das, were the chief disciples, and seven disciples named Utthana, Mukunda, Ananda, Batsa, Jadava, Paban, and Nanda were engaged in the organisational activities of the propagation of the Lila of the Lord at the behest of Achyutananda, At the behest of Achyutananda and his chief disciple Rama Das, twelve gopalas to the Mahamantra and advised them to organise and propagate the Rahasa kirtan widely among the devotees to uplift them socio-economically and spiritually. These twelve disciples, who are again called Dvadasha Gopala, are Mukunda, Ananta, Batsa, Paban, Sudam, Jadava, Balak, Madhu, Mathuri, Utthana, Gobinda, and Brundaban.
Sri Achyuta Dasa's teachings (gaddis) were spread from East India to Nepal. Achyutananda lived to be 121 years of age and Srevishyas ole as when he left this plane he left behind-copper, silver and gold plates (patti) to guide his students.
Once Lord of the world Jagannath ji gave a lotus garland to the great sage Achyutananda Das and instructed him that the place where all the flowers of garland would fall apart, that place will be your place of spiritual practice (Sadhana Peeth). 
On the instructions of Lord Jagannathji, Achyutanand ji left the holy Jagannath place and started wandering. When Achyutanand ji reached a sacred place Nemal, on the banks of Chitrotpala river in Kendrapara district of Orissa, the last flower from the garland fell apart.
According to scripture, the lotus flower that emerged during Samudra Manthan (the churning of the ocean) in the Satya Yuga also fell at that place; hence, the place is also known as the Padma Ban. The great sage Achyutananda Das ji started his spiritual practise at that place, and by meditating, he created many scriptures and puranas for the salvation of the devotees.
Mahapurush Achyutananda ji shaped Vaisnava philosophy, spiritualism, and literature in Odisha and composed more than one lakh books by meditating on
that divine place. Out of them, 36 Samhitas, 72 Gitas, 27 Vanshcharitras, 24 Upvanshnu Charitras, and 100 Malika texts have been composed.
On Jyeshtha Shukla Ekadashi, Mahapurush sat in meditation at Nemal Peeth, left his body by his own will on a full moon day, and became one with the divine. His
predecessors are Mahanta Gagananda Gosain, Mahanta Nigamanda Gosain, and others. 

MAHAPURUSH SAINT BALARAMA DASA
Balarama Das was born in 1484 in Erabanga Village at Gop (near Konark). It is known that he was the son of Somanatha Mahapatra and Jamuna Debi. His father, Somanath Mohapatra,
was a courtier of King Prataprudra Dev. Balarama Das was educated and well-versed in Sanskrit. Later in his life, he became a disciple of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu
and was the eldest of his "Pancha-Sakha." His foremost contribution to the bhakti age was the translation of the Ramayana into Odia, called the "Jagamohan Ramayan" or "Dandi Ramayan."
Apart from other works, his most famous also includes the "Lakshmi Purana," which is read in every Odia household as a part of "Mana-basa Gurubar."
He used to participate in the discussions on Vedanta in the Mukti Mandapa in the Jagannatha temple (in spite of the resentment of
the Brahmins), and it is said that anyone who touched his head would become instantly able to explain the philosophy of Vedanta. 
One day a beggar (who was dumb and deaf) approached him, touching his head, and he was not only cured and became able to speak, but he also started to discuss philosophy immediately. This beggar then became Balarama's foremost disciple, going by the name of Hari Das.
The mula mantra chanted and taught by Balarama Das was the Krishna mantra. His residence in Puri is called Gandharva Matha. In his Bata Abakasa,-he writes that Lord Jagannatha is served by 64 yoginis. In his Virata Gita, he describes the nirakara form of Krishna as Sunya. However, his idea of Sunya is quite particular, as it includes
form and relationships. He was also a social worker and reformer and an expert astrologer as well. He disappeared in 1540.

His other works are listed below. Laxmi Purana, Brahma Gita, Mriguni Stuti, Kanta Koili, Pralambasara Gita, Virata Gita, Baramasa Koili, Amarakosha Gita, Saptanga Yogasara Gita,
Hanuman Chautisha, Brahmananda Bhugola, Kamalalochana Chautisha Bata, Abakasha Gupta Gita, Bedha Parikrama Vedantasara Gita, Bhaba Samudra Udhaba Gita Karna Dana
It is speculated. that he died while on a pilgrimage to Puri in Begunia village near Konark. There is a memorial for him near this village. 

MAHAPURUSH SAINT JAGANNATH DASA
Jagannath Dasa was born in Kapilesvarapur or Kapilesvar grama (one of the 16 traditional Sasana villages) at 14 kms from Puri towards Brahmagiri, on the day of Radhastami of 1487 (some say in 1490). Because he was born on Radhastami, he is considered to have a close relationship with Srimati Radhika.
His mother was Padmavati Devi and his father was Bhagavan Das, from the Kaushiki Gotra. He used to recite the Bhagavata Purana in Lord's Jagannatha temple, and his explanations were so attractive that king Prataparudra gave him the title of "Purana Panda. As son of the Purana Panda, Jagannatha Dasa used to sit by his father and learn the Bhagavata. One day, while visiting the temple, Chaitanya noticed the 18 years old boy sitting near the Bata Ganesha Deity in Sri Mandira, reciting the Brahma stuti from Gopa lila (10th
Canto), and honored him by offering him a cloth and the title of Atibadi ("very great").
It is said that by the order of Narada Muni, Jagannatha Das translated Srimad Bhagavatam into Odia. This work gave him the reputation of the best spiritual teacher in Orissa in his times, and is still extremely popular even today, being worshiped and recited in all households. In fact in Orissa this text is considered on the same level of Tulasi Das' Rama charita manasa.
Jagannatha Dasa wrote also Gupta Bhagavat, Tula vina, Sola chapadi, Chari chapadi, Tola bena, Daru brahma gita, Diksa samyad, Artha koili, Muguni stuti, Annamaya kundali, Goloka sarodhara, Bhakti chandrika, Kali malika, Indra malika, Niladri vilasa, Nitya gupta chintamani, Sri Krishna bhakti kalpa lata and other books. The mula mantra he
chanted and taught was the Rama mantra. He established two Mathas in Puri, the Bada Odiya Matha and the Satalahari Matha. His main disciple was Baliga Das. Jagannatha Dasa passed away on Sukla Magha saptami (the day of Chandrabhaga Mela in Konarak) in 1557, and his Samadhi Mandira is on the beach. His main disciples were Uddhava, Ramachandra, Gopinatha, Hari Das, Nandani Acharya, Vamani Mahapatra, Srimati Gaura, Gopala Das, Akhandala Mekapa, Janardana Pati, Krishna Das, Vanamali Das, Govardhana Das, Kanai Khuntia, Jagannatha Das and Madhusudana Das.

MAHAPURUSH SAINT JASHOBANTA DASA
Jashobanta Dasa was born in 1487 at the village of Adhanga in Jagatsinghpur, part of undivided Cuttack District. His father's name was Jagu Mallika, and his mother's name was Rekha Devi. He married Anjana Devi, the sister of Raja Raghunath Champati of Aranga. Later, he took sanyasa, travelled to many holy places in India, received mystical powers, and was able to change his form at will. He came to Puri under the inspiration of Sri Chaitanya. He got initiated into Vaishnavism during Srichaitanya's stay in Puri. The basic mantra he chanted and taught was the Shyam Mantra. He wrote Govind Chandra, Shiva Sarodaya, Sasti Mala, Prema Bhakti, the Brahma Gita, the Atmapariche Gita, Malika, and many other hymns. Govind Chandra became very famous in Assam, Bengal, and North India;  It basically deals with traditional dance and dance education associated with the Vaishnava tradition. His best disciple was Lohi Das. It is said that the famous saint Salbega was also his disciple. He left his body on Margasira Shukla Shashthi.

MAHAPURUSH SAINT ANANTA DASA
Ananta Dasa was born in Balipatna village, near Bhubaneswara, in 1486(some say in 1488). His father's name was Kapila Mohanty, and his mother's Gaura Devi. In a dream he received from Surya Narayana in Konarak the order to go and meet Chaitanya, so he approached the party and took diksha initiation from Nityananda Prabhu. Sisu Ananta Das resided in
Khandagiri, in what is today called Gadi Tapovana Ashram; through his Sadhana he attained mystic powers, and he was able to change his form at will. Usually he would take the form of a little child, hence his name as Sisu. In this form, he became the adopted son of the wife of king Prataparudra, who nursed him. He personally found a Patita pavana Jagannatha) murti in the Matha in Balia patana. His main disciples were Barang Das, Hamsa Das, and Sisu Das. He wrote the Bhakti mukti daya gita, one of the oldest and most important
popular scriptures of Orissa, and other texts like Sisu Deva gita, Artha tarani, Udebhakara, Tirabhakana,  Malika and several bhajan songs. In Udaya bhagavata he describes Lord Jagannatha as the combined form of Radha and Krishna. However, due to general lack of interest, these books are not properly valued at present.

EFFECTS OF KALIYUGA
4 Types Of Health Problems Will Be There In Every House -
1) Blood Pressure
2) Diabetes
3) Heart Problem
4) Gas Problemi

In Kaliyug A time will come when there will 7 Days Of Darkness. Sun light will not fall on earth, everywhere there will be Darkness and from the North Snow will Melt down from the
Himalayas. Because of Less or No sunlight falling on Earth, There will be a lot of Snowfall because of which the doors and windows will not open and People will be trapped inside the house.

About Last PM Of India?His Characteristics?
India's Last PM will be a Yogi, He will have no child and he will bring a Lot's of development in the country also he will be a Strict vegetarian and in that Period of time there will be Military rule.
   
What does Malika say About Earthquake During World War 3?
A Very Big Earthquake Will Come During World War 3, Because Of which Geographical situation will change and New Mountains, Rivers and seas will be Formed in different areas.
Nearly 40% to 45 % geographical situation of the world will change. Many People and Animals will die, forests will get affected but Nothing will happen to the devotees.

Different types of diseases will come one after another in which people will have to cover their faces with cloth, and they will have fever and breathing problems. This will lead to many sufferings for humankind. The first disease will come as a warning sign for humankind, which will come and go soon, but later on, new types of diseases will come that will be far more dangerous than the previous ones. And the doctors will not have any remedy for such diseases, and the scientists will not be able to find any cure. But nothing will happen to the devotees.

Why From 4,32,000 years, has Kaliyug's age been reduced to 5000? And how can we know that we are in the transition period between Kali Yug and Satya Yug?
Mahapurush Saint Achyutanand mentioned the Paap Karmas, because of which the Kaliyugs' age was reduced to 5000 years. Mahapurush indicated 3 signs by which we can know that we are in the transition period:
1) Most of the people will not follow Dharma and will not take God's name; everyone will be busy with their work, and they will only show off that they follow Dharma and religion. Very few people will call God from their hearts.
2) Rulers will act like thieves, and there will be corruption everywhere.
3) There will be fights between caste, race, religion, and country.

The signs of religious establishment would come from the four dhamas (four religious destinations). These main "dhamas" are the shrines of Lord Vishnu, and Rameshwaram is a shrine of Lord Shiva. All the "dhamas" are related to four epochs: 
(1) the dham of Satyuga Badrinath, Uttarakhand; 
(2) the dham of Tretayuga: Rameswaram, Tamil Nadu; 
(3) the dham of Dwaparayuga: Dvaraka,Gujarat; 
(4) the dham of Kaliyuga: Jagannatha Puri, Odisha.

What will be the Signs of the end of Kaliyuga:-
(1) Huge Stones Will Repeatedly Fall From the Top of Jagannath Mandir. 
(2) Eagles Will Repeatedly Sit on the Top of Jagannath Mandir.
(3) (indu) m. a drop, especially of Soma (Vedic), a bright drop,
a spark (Vedic) juice, soma. the moon; time of moonlight, night
(Vedic); (in the plural) the periodic changes of the moon.
(4) There Will be Indu (Moon) Over a Bindu (Star) Then It Will be a Sign that Destruction Will Increase More.

ABOUT WARRIORS FROM MAHABHARATA
Ashwatthama Will Take Birth In Germany.He Will Come in India And help India in
Fighting against in World War 3.
Bhurishrava Will Take Birth in China. He Will Also Have A Main Role During War.
In America And London Many Devotees Have Taken Rebirth. When Time Will
Come,war Will be going on They Will come in India.
Their wish will be fulfilled during Kali Bharat Yudh (World War 3).
These 5 warriors And their Rebirth Places Are:
1) Abhimanyu, America
2) Belarasen, Japan
3) Eklavya
4) Ghatotkach
5) Babrubahan

When these 5 warriors help India fight the world war, they will fight so bravely and do such massive destruction to their enemies that everyone will be amazed. Pitama Bhishma,
Karna, Drona, and Shailya also took birth in India, and they will help India during the war,and do massive destruction to their enemies.

What is written about Mahatma Gandhi?
A person named Mohan will be born in the state Gujarat.His main weapons will be non-violence and truth. He will take Lord Rama's name. Mahatma Gandhi will be sent by the Lord so that the Britishers can be driven out of the country. After the death of Mahatma Gandhi, unrighteousness will increase a lot.Mahatma Gandhi will be shot by bullet, and he will be shot by Godse. Many people will not understand Mahatma Gandhi and start disrespecting him.Also, they will be respecting Nathuram Godse for what he did.

Mahapurush Saint Achyutanand Says What Godse Did was not Right.
Who will be Lord Kalki's Guru?
Lord Kalki Will Get Powers From Lord Parshuram , Weapons Like Agni Astra, Brahmastra, Varun astra, Many other weapons and Vidhya(Knowledge) which Will be Needed to establish
Righteousness. Will be Given By Lord Parshuram.

Lord Parshuram's place of residence is Mahendra giri Parvat(Odhisa).
After Getting Weapons And Knowledge. Lord Kalki Will be Happy and Lord Kalki Will Tell Lord Parshuram That he Want to give him Guru Dakshina. (Daksina or Dakshina). It is a Sanskrit word found in Buddhist, Hindu, Sikh and Jain literature where it may mean any donation, fees or honorarium given to a cause, monastery, temple, spiritual guide or after a ritual.)
Lord Parshuram Will Tell that look in this world Sins and unrighteousness Have Increased so Much.. Because of this My Meditation face Distraction. So My Dakshina would Be That You establish Righteousness Over the World And Free this World From Evils.

ABOUT KING OF PURI 
1. When 4th Dibyasingha Deba will be the king Of Jagannath puri then, In Sambhal Village of Odhisa Lord Kalki Will Take Birth. When Lord Kalki Will Establish Sanatan dharma all
over the world. After that Anant Yug(Satyug) Will start. 
2. In Anant Yug there will be no problems of Food, Disease, Shelter. Everyone will be Happily Living their lives.
3. Lord Kalki Will Give shelter to his devotees and he Will make 1 Lakh Devotees King in Anantyug.
4. Large Number of Locusts Will come in India from North and South direction and do severe damage to agriculture, then it will be a sign for World War 3. The Number of Locusts that Will come  in India Will be equal to the number of soldiers that Will come to attack.
5. There will be small earthquakes in the World coming One after Another, but at last a very big Earthquake will come because of which more than 100 crores of people be will be killed.
6. Asteroids will fall on jungles and catch fire, complete geography of many countries will change.
7. Very Loud Noise will come from the Sky, and after hearing that noise many will die.
8. Nothing Will happen to the devotees.

WHO WILL BENEFIT FROM MAALIKA
Mahapurush Saint Achyutanand Dasa wrote that the Malika he is writing is not for all. From the past lives of those who were devotees of the Lord, they will also in this life find interest in Malika and seek Lord Kalki. They are devotees who find interest in Malika.
Many people in the transition period between Kaliyug and Satyug will have some knowledge of the Vedas and Puranas, and they will make lakhs of disciples. But because of their ego about the knowledge they gained, they will not get a chance to meet the Lord, and they will not be considered devotees.
And those who are innocent, simple, with no ego in them, only they will meet Lord Kalki and they will be his devotees.  

SIGNS FROM PURI TEMPLE
During the time of war between India and China and with 13 Islamic countries, there will be a fierce battle in Makka and Madina. During that time, signs will come from Jagannath
Temple, Puri. Before entering the main temple of Shree Jagannath Temple and before getting the darshan of Lord Jagannath, there are 22 steps, which are called "Baisi Pahacha." These 22 steps are found at the "Simha Dwara," the Lion's Gate of Lord Jagannath's temple in Puri. 3 Sea Levels Will Rise Such that the sea water will also cross the shoreline and it will rise up to the 22nd step inside the Jagannath temple. And fish will be swimming on that 22nd step. Also in that time, Lord Jagannath would not be there in Ratna Singhasan. Instead, Varun Devta (the god of water) will be seated in Ratna Singhasan.
The Kalpa Vriksha (tree), which was created by Lord Vishnu to protect the Shuka(Parrot) from the wrath of Lord Rudra, branches from that tree will fall and this event has already happened in 2018. This is one big sign that Lord Kalki has taken birth. It is mentioned in Bhavishya Maalika.

What is Sudharma Sabha? Where will Sudharma Sabha be held at the end of Kaliyug?
Sudharma Sabha is the Divine Assembly Hall (Like Heaven) Where the Lord, Along With All His Devotees and Devi Devtas, Will Discuss. the Establishment of Righteousness, There will be a complete transformation of devotees in the Sudharma Sabha. All The Devotees either Old Or Young All will attain a Divine Youngness.
They will attain this divine youth after taking a dip in the divine ocean of milk.

WHAT WILL LORD KALKI DO?
Also, Lord Kalki will transfer a portion of his own Vaishnav Shakti (the powers of Mahavishnu) to all his devotees. 
After getting powers from Lord Kalki, devotees will forget everything that has happened during Kaliyug and then step towards Satyug.  So, a divine period is coming that no one could have ever imagined. During Satyug, Lord Brahma established Shubh Stambh in Jajpur, Odisha (Biraja Kshetra). During the end of the Kaliyug, the Sudharma Sabha will
be held there. And devotees from all around the world will come.  

FUTURE EVENTS till 2032
Mahapurush Saint Achyutananda Dasa wrote that a time will come when, due to a rise in temperatures, forests will catch fire, houses will catch fire, and animal habitats will catch fire. And because of the gradual increase in high temperatures, the snow mountains from the North Pole will start melting. And the water level will rise in the Atlantic Ocean,
due to which areas of many countries will be submerged, like the USA, China, Indonesia, Thailand, and Japan. Because of the severe rise in water levels, there will be serious losses for mankind,
But there will be no impact on India and devotees by the grace of Lord Kalki.

ON BRITISH and England
Mahapurush Saint Achyutananda Dasa wrote in Jaiphula Malika that Lord Kalki will sit on Garud Dev and go to Britain, and from there he will bring back white tulsi, KaustabMani (the Kohinoor Diamond), peacock throne, and the things that the British Army has looted from India.
Since Britain will not give back the things easily, there will be a fierce battle where Lord Kalki and Garud Dev will destroy and defeat the British
armies and the people who do sinful deeds. After that, Lord Kalki will make his devotees King of the Areas of Britain, and then Lord will return to India.
 
Mahapurush Saint Achyutananda Dasa Wrote That A time will come when all the Lekha Jantra (electronic devices) will stop working. At that time, the intelligence of the world's greatest scientists will not work; they will start talking nonsense. They will talk a lot but not be able to do anything. The countries that have pride or arrogance due to technological advancement, be it America, England, China, or any big country, will have their egos shattered; they will not understand what to do.

Which Country will be responsible for World War 3?
A time will come when America will be having secret meetings with China, Pakistan, and other Islamic countries. And America will betray Japan and India. And it will be the country because of which World War III will take place.

What consequences will America and Europe face?
Areas of America and Europe will be full of radiation, and many areas will be submerged under water. No life can exist there, and the main reason for destruction will be America.Sy

ROLE OF DURGA
Panchsakhas wrote: "A Time Will Come During Night Time When There Will Be Bhairavi Daak (A Fierce Sound Of Maa Bhairavi) That Will Be Heard At Kolkata and Bhubaneswar." The people
who will hear this Bhaviravi Daak at that moment of time will die, Also at that moment of time, Maa Samalei (at Sambhalpur) and Maa Biraja will protect the devotees from the fierce sound.
And the 8 Forms of Mata (Asht Chandi - Vimala, Ramachandi, Alam Chandi, Harachandi, Baseli, Varahi, Dakshina Chandi and Jhadeswari.) will Come alive From Their Statues When They Hear Maa Bhairavi's Sound. And after that, they will test the ones who claim to be devotees and the ones who claim to have magical powers in them. Also, Ghosts, Pishachas, Naag, Gandharva, and Kinnar will also come alive in that moment of time. They Will Come Alive and Destroy the Evils.

Where will Lord Kalki take birth? 
Lord Kalki: Parents Name? signs for devotees that Lord Kalki has already taken birth Lord Kalki Will Take Birth in a Brahmin Family in Sambal Village, Odisha. Lord's father's name will be Vishnuyash, and mother's name will be Sumati, and both will be great devotees of Lord Vishnu.
Lord Kalki Will Have 64 Kalas (arts)
This Avatar.
Lord Kalki will have two wives:
  1) Padma (Mata Lakshmi)
  2) Rama (the rebirth of Vaishnavi)
Devdutta (the divine form of Garud Dev) will be the horse of Lord Kalki.

Signs That the Lord Has Taken Birth:
1) There will be a fire in Ratna Sinhaasan. This happened from 2004-2005 
2) Theft in the Jagannath Dham temple. This happened in 2011 and 2019.
3) Stones falling from Jagannath Dham temple's summit This incident has also happened.
4) Vulture birds will sit on the top of the temple. This incident has also happened.
5) A fire breaks out in the Patita Paavan Bana of the temple.
6) The turning of the neelchakra of the temple In 2019's storm named "Fani," the Odisha government admitted that the NeelChakra has turned due to the storm.

About 16 Mandalas (Circles)?
1) Sarala Mandala
2) Bhagavati Mandala
3) Biraja Mandala
4) Chandi Mandala
5) Gauri Mandala
6) Nilachala Mandala
7) Mangala Mandala
8) Katyayani Mandala
9) Mathura Mandala
10) Gopo Mandala
11) Ayodhya Mandala
12) Kashi Kshetra Mandala
13) Bimala Mandala
14) Gupta Paddamana Mandala
15) Africa Mandala
16) Kalika Mandala
8000 devotees will be there in 16 mandalas, They will be living a simple life, and no one can identify them. Out of them, 3000 devotees will be with Lord Kalki. All the devotees from these mandalas will come to Khandagiri and stay with the Lord. These devotees will have the darshan of the Lord in his baal (child) form. These devotees will get the strength from the lord and they will propogate Sanatan Dharma in the entire world.

Lord Kalki along with 3000 devotees will establish righteousness; out of the 3000 devotees, Panchsakhas, Panchpandavas, Great Warriors Of Mahabharat, Gopi, Tapi, and other saints, deities and devotees of the Lord from past lives will also be present.

CHINA ATTACK ON INDIA
China and 13 Islamic nations) will destroy the longest dam in India, the Hirakud Dam (in Sambalpur). (It is the longest dam in India, with a total length of 25.79 km. It
is also on the list of the longest dams in the world. The Hirakud is situated on the river Mahanadi.)
Because of the destruction of the dam, there will be flooding in many areas of Odisha, and six districts will be very badly affected. Because of this flood, many houses and buildings will be submerged under water.
After the big earthquake (the Richter Scale will not be able to measure this earthquake), the North Pole will become the South Pole, and the South Pole will become the North Pole.

Changes in the Adya Satya Yuga:
1. Heaven Will Become the Mortal World
2. Underworld will become Heaven.
3. SuryaDev (the Sun God) Will Rise From the West
4. Sea Water Will Become Sweet
5. The High Intensity of the Heat of the Sun Will Be No More And at night, the moon will be brighter and cooler. No lights will be required during the night.
6. Five elements of nature will be balanced. There will be no pollution.
7. No one will be poor; everyone will be disease-free; there will be no shortage of food or water.
8. Everyone will love, respect, and care for each other.

WHY HAS THE AGE OF KALI REDUCED FROM 4,32,000 to 5000 years
Killing Of Parents, Killing Of Woman, Killing Of Child, Cow Slaughter, Killing Brahmins, feticide, Kidnapping, Looting others Wealth, Betrayal With Friends, Sleeping Without Clothes, dishonesty.

About ATTACK ON JAGANNATH TEMPLE, Lord Hanuman and Garuda Dev. About Sealdah Yagya? Russian Soldiers? Khandgiri?
Lord Hanuman will be present at Gandha Mardhana Hill in Kaliyug. He will live there secretly and meet devotees secretly.
So, during wartime, there will be a Yagya in Sealdah, Kolkata performed by the devotees, Russia will come to take Shri Mahaprabhu (Daru Brahma) by train.In Sealdah Mahayagya Achyutananda, Arkhit Dasa and Rama Dasa will meet each other and they will know each other.


The islamic enemy armies will enter Jagannath Temple. They will stay there, and they will also try to kill those who are in that place. Then Hanuman Ji and Garud Ji will ask Lord Jagannath to give them permission to fight. Lord Jagannath will say, "Hanuman, and Garud Shree Kshetra is the Holy Place," so we don't want war here; this war will happen in another place. So, for now, you protect my devotees. Hanuman till that time will uplift and propogate glories of the lord to the devotees on the banks of Ganga starting from Badrinath till Kolkata. After the establishment of dharma is complete, Hanuman will disappear in the Lord's daru bramha.
The Islamic enemy armies will stay in the Jagannath Temple for 7 days. There will be seven days and nights of darkness again. Cats, dogs, monkeys, foxes, and other animals
will enter houses. There will be fights, and in Puri lakhs will die.
Also in Khandgiri, where there are many secret caves and thousands of saints are meditating (also, Khandgiri is Lord Kalki's meditation site), they will be very saddened by the war and deaths. Enemy armies will attack Lord Jagannath's temple with missiles, and they will set fire to the Kalpavriksha of Sri Kshetra, but the Kalpavriksha is a part of God, and next morning leaves will be again growing in that tree.
When Russia will be taking Daru Brahma with them from behind, sea water will cross its coast line and follow Lord Jagannath, and then the incident of sea water entering the 22 stairs of Jagannath Temple will start.

ABOUT Sealdah Engine and Byree station event
Also from Sealdah Engine will come Also at that time When the train will be going... then there will be an incident... In Byree Station, Dibba (the train's coach), where Daru Brahma (Lord Jagannath's idol), Lord Balarama, and Mata Subhadra are kept, that coach will be left behind (some say that Lord Hanuman with his gada will break in between). In Byree Station, the other part of the train where the Russian Armies are, they will be going on without knowing that a coach is left behind.

ABOUT Chhatia bata
Devotees will know this. So they will take Lord and bring the 3 idols to Chhatia Bata. Also in that period of time, Panchasakhas will be present there.
Devotees will establish Daru Brahma in Chhatia Bata. Lakhs Of Devotees Will gather In Chhatia Bata On the 6th day, seeing lakhs of devotees together again, enemy armies will attack
there. Many people will die of the attack, On the 7th day, the plane will come to take Daru Brahma. But already, Balabhadra and Jagannath will take Daru Brahma and the idols from
there and stay in a secret place. 
At First Badrinath Dham Will Be Submerged Underwater Then, Jagannath Dham (Because After sea water crossing coast line and reaching 22 steps
there Will be Another 300 FEET Tsunami because of which Jagannath Dham Will be Submerged Under water).
Also Dvarka and Rameshwaram Will be Submerged Under water. And the War in India Will Finish at Odisha.    

About World War 3?
Mahapurush Saint Achyutananda described World War III about 500 years ago. He wrote that there will be a fierce battle on Earth. And there will be an economic crisis
in the countries during the war. There will be chaos all around. India will be attacked by  China, along with 13 Islamic countries.
Turkey will support Pakistan. And America and Britain will provide weapons to 13 Islamic Nations during the war.
They will have so much pride and arrogance in their power that they will think that if they come together and attack India, they can win. During the war, theft will increase, and many people will lose their jobs. China will keep its army on the north side to give us the illusion that they are going to attack from the north, but it will also send its army from the south to attack India. There will be a fierce battle in the northern and north-eastern regions of India.
The civilians will be attacked, and everyone will run to the village sides. for their safety. because the main target will be the cities. Entire civilization will crash. Computers will not work. Internet will not work.

In this war, Russia, Japan, Germany, and France will help India.
Mahapurush Achyutanand wrote that after this war, Bharat (India) will become the world leader (Biswa Guru).
No Rules Will Be Followed During War; Many Civilians Will Be Killed and Houses and Buildings Will Be Destroyed. And Whole Sky will Fall Dark.
Many cities like Delhi, Kolkata, Cuttack, and many more will be badly affected by the war.
As the war will worsen over time (a prolonged war), a time will come when, instead of missiles, nuclear bombs will be dropped in India. At that time, all the people will call Lord
Vishnu. So, Lord Kalki (10th Avatar of Lord Vishnu) will diffuse the nuclear bombs in the air, and they will not work any more. Foreign countries will be shocked to see that nuclear bombs are diffused and not working.
After This Incident, 13 Islamic Nations and China Will Be Afraid, and Fights Will Reduce. And they will shift their armies into Europe, and there will be such massive
destruction in Europe that more than 50 percent of the population will be wiped out.

In India Only 33 Crore Population will Be Left and Outside India Also 33 Crore population will be left (All Total 64 Crore Population In The World).And after all this, there will be a New Yuga where all will live together in peace.

Cities that are going to be affected very badly during the war?
Mahapurush Saint Achyutananda Dasa wrote that during this Third World War there will be huge destruction in Delhi. The First Attack by the Enemy Army With Missiles Will Be at Delhi.
Also, the intensity of the war will be highest in these 4 places: Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata, and Madras.
In Jaiphula, Malika Mahapurush wrote that there will be a fierce battle and destruction in Kolkata City and that "many zones of Kolkata City will come under fire."
And also in Cuttack, Bhubaneswar, and Chaudwar, enemies will attack. and many buildings will be destroyed. :

Mahapurush Saint Achyutananda Wrote That a Time Will Come When Temperatures on Earth Will Rise to More Than 45 to 55 Degrees Celsius. Because of the high rise in temperature, many forest areas will catch fire. Many People Will Suffer From the Extreme Heat. Many Will Face Heat Stroke.

About Pandavas?
It is said that the Pandavas will be born in Odisha. 
About Lord Balrama (Sheshnaag)?
Lord Balrama Will Be Chakravarti Raja (King of Kings).
It is said that Lord Kalki and Balrama will be in the same body. On the right arm of Lord Kalki, the power of Balrama will be present.

About Maru and Devapi?
Maru and Devapi are two devotees of the Lord.
Suryavanshi King Maru Is Currently Meditating in the Southern Part of the Himalayas Since
DwaparYuga.
And Somavanshi, King Devapi belongs to the same clan as the Santanu Clan and King Yudhishthir, He is also currently meditating in the southern part of the Himalayas.
During the establishment of Dharma (righteousness), Lord Kalki will call them because they will fight for India against the enemies. They will annihilation Chinese armies. They have so much power that they will turn the enemies into ashes. Afterwards, Lord Kalki will make Devapi the king of Delhi and Maru the king of Ayodhya.

Which city will be the capital of the entire world?
Lord Will establish Jajpur, situated in the Biraja region of Odisha, as the capital-city of the entire world.

What about the Markati-Karkat Disease mentioned in Malika?
According to me, it may be some Markati (monkey) or Karkat (crab) virus, which will be much more dangerous than the Corona virus.Or it may be a virus from crabs or monkeys.

What about the Mahabharat War, which was not completed in DwaparYuga?
The Mahabharat War was not completed in DwaparYuga; it was fought for 18 days, and many warriors wanted to fight but their wish was not fulfilled.
So the war, which has not yet been completed, will be fought in Kaliyuga, in Odisha. And All The Mahabharat Warriors Will Be Present, But the Difference Will Be That in DwaparYuga Yuga they fought against each other, and Now They Will Come Together With Lord Kalki and Fight Against Enemies.

In Tretayug Lord Rama blessed Trijata (Trijata is a demoness in the Hindu epic Ramayana who served and took care of Mata Sita for 13 months; Trijata is described as a daughter ofVibhishana, the brother of Ravana) that in Kaliyug 13 lineage Of Trijata Will Rule On The Hastinapur Throne.

It has no shape, no colour,It is invisible and without a name This Brahman is called Shunya Brahman.

With our knowledge if we show our pure love(bhakti), we can definitely get the sunyatma (GOD). Everything arises out of shunya and Everything flourishes in the Shunya Brahman
Look at the whole world from the pedestal of shunya; You will find everything manifested in the shunya.

What will happen to the jobs especially in the IT sector dharm sansthapana ?
At some time in the whole world, when a dharm sansthapana is done, at that time no one will be employed, whether it is IT sector, Industrial sector or agriculture. No matter if it is government job, because all the money will become immovable. Not just the IT sector but everyone will be jobless. All the world economies wont exist. There will be anarchy everywhere in the world.

What will happen to the devotees?
Devotees who will do daily trisandhya will be under the shelter of Kalki mahaprabhu. Food and Shelter will be provided by him. Nothing else will be available.

What should one do to become a devotee?
He needs to adapt dharma by doing daily trisandhya, reading Bhagavatam and eating vegeterian food only, drop all kinds of non vegetarian food (even eggs), Protect cows.

What will happen to the astrologers and their astrological predictions?
All astrological predictions will fail.

Pandit Kashinath Mishra is propagating Bhavishya Maalika since last 10 years. Once the publicity of bhavisha maalika stops, then god won't accept any new people in the dhara.

Computer systems will keep on crashing for unknown reasons. Lots of accidents will happen due to failure in computer systems. Train accidents have already started happening due to computer system failures. Air crashes will too start happening. Recently many banking and travels systems were affected due to failures in the computer systems. 

Democratic rule will end. In Kaliyuga, Shudras will rule the earth but in Adtya satya yuga, Lord Kalki will rule. Everyone on the earth will be a bramhin. Everyone will do the karmas of a bramhin.

Whoever believes in Bhavishya Maalika will have the mercy of Lord Kalki. The name of Lord in Kaliyuga will be Madhav. People will know the lord with the name Madhav. Chanting the name of Madhav will be beneficial.

Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu was none other than the Supreme Lord Sri Krishna, who appeared in this Kali-yuga in the year 1486 AD to inaugurate the yuga dharma for this age –
Sankirtana, the congregational chanting of the Holy Names of the Lord. During the time of Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu, five renowned saints in the Vaishnava tradition were collectively called the "Panchasakha." Those five great saints named 'Panchasakha' are Shishu Ananta Das, Achyutananda Das, Jagannath Das, Balaram Das, and Jashobanta Das. They were prominent in medieval Odisha and profoundly influenced Odia's spirituality and literature.

The Panchasakha tradition emerged when Chaitanya Mahaprabhu was propagating devotion in Bengal. Before the arrival of Sri Chaitanya in Odisha, the Panchasakha had already
propagated devotion to Radha and Krishna, advancing the tradition the Bhakti poet Jayadeva established through his work "Geet Govind."
All of these five Mahapurush (great men) became disciples of Sri Chaitanya Mahaprabhu. Sri Chaitanya bestowed upon them the title of "Panchasakha," stating that the Panchasakha
were like his five souls and, in every sense, were not any less than some of the incarnations of Lord Vishnu.

Between 1450 and 1570, the Panchasakha transformed ancient Hindu scriptures into simple prose that conveyed spiritual concepts so that the common person could understand and
benefit from them. They authored various categorized books like "Pothi," "Malika," "Tika," and "Geeta," among others, contributing to the upliftment of society by transcending caste distinctions and promoting devotion to the Lord. Their invaluable contributions played a significant role in Odisha's literary and spiritual development.
The history of Panchasakha dates back to ages. At the end of each era, they take birth as incarnations of the Lord's aspects and come to Earth to contribute significantly to the
establishment of the Lord's dharma. After providing their invaluable contributions to the Lord's mission, they return to the spiritual realm of Goloka. In the Satya Yuga, the
Panchasakha took the forms of Kripajala, Narada, Markandeya, Garga, and Svayambhu. In the Treta Yuga, they appeared as Nala, Neela, Hanuman, Jamvanta, and Sushena on Earth. At the
end of the Dvapara Yuga, as Lord Krishna was departing from this earthly realm, Nilakantheshwar Maharaj manifested and disclosed to Lord Krishna that His companions,
Daam, Sudaam, Subala, Subahu, and Shrivatsa, would reincarnate again in Kali Yuga in the human form. In Kali Yug, they would be recognized by the names Achyutananda Das, Balaram
Das, Jagannath Das, Jashobant Das, and Shishu Ananta Das. These five saints were the dearest associates of Lord Krishna during the Dvapara Yuga, and they returned in Kali Yuga to
accompany the avatar of Lord Chaitanya Mahaprabhu in His mission. 

Indeed, these Panchasakha authored various books in Kali Yuga, with the "Bhavishya Malika" being one of the most prominent among them. It's worth noting that the "Bhavishya Malika"
is not a single book but rather a collection of books, amounting to approximately 185,000 individual works. This extensive collection was primarily written in the Odia script on palm
leaves due to the lack of paper and ink about 600 years ago. 

Much like how in the Treta Yuga, the sage Valmiki composed the Ramayana even before Lord Rama's incarnation, and in the Dvapara Yuga, Maharishi Vyasa wrote the Srimad
Bhagavatam before Lord Krishna's avatar, in a similar fashion, in Kali Yuga, before the incarnation of Lord Kalki, Lord Jagannath guided the Panchasakha to compile the "Bhavishya
Malika" collection of scriptures.

Before the arrival of the tenth and final avatar of Lord Vishnu, the 'Kalki Avatar,' the Panchasakha with the purpose to congregate the devotees from all four ages (Yugas),
authored the 'Bhavishya Malika' scriptures. These books were meant to awaken the latent consciousness of devotees, guiding them from the path of unrighteousness to righteousness.
Within the 'Bhavishya Malika,' the Panchasakha meticulously examined future events spanning from Kali Yuga to Sangam Yuga and further into Satya Yuga, providing in-depth
insights into these occurrences.
In accordance with many scriptures and puranas of Sanatan Dharma, Kali Yuga is believed to have a duration of 432,000 years. This perspective is also echoed in the Srimad
Bhagavatam, one of the prominent puranas. However, the "Bhavishya Malika" books authored by the Panchasakha offer a different interpretation.
The Panchasakha, in their separate "Malika" books, repeatedly mention that although the entire duration of Kali Yuga is indeed 432,000 years, due to the weight of numerous sinful
actions committed by humanity, its actual duration will be reduced to just 5,000 years. This prophecy is presented in one of their books, "Bhakta Chetavani," as follows:

		"Chari lakṣa je battiśi sahasra,
		kaliyuga ra aṭa’i āyuṣa,
		Pāpa bhārāre āyu kaṭijiba,
		pānca sahasra kali bhoga hoiba."

This verse suggests that despite the originally prescribed duration of 432,000 years, Kali Yuga's span will be shortened to 5,000 years due to the immense burden of sinful actions.

In his other work, "Uddhav Bhakti Pradaini," Mahapurusha Achyutananda Das elaborates on the extensive conversation between Uddhava and Lord Krishna. In this dialogue, Lord
Krishna discusses the 35 different heinous sinful activities that will occur in Kali Yuga and how each of these sinful acts will diminish the duration of Kali Yuga. Uddhava is informed by Lord Shree Krishna that after 5,000 years of indulgence in Kali Yuga, He will leave His abode in Jagannath dham (Shree Jagannath Temple in Puri, Odisha) and appear on Earth in human form. His mission will be to eradicate adharma (unrighteousness) and sin from the world and reestablish truth, righteousness, and justice.
According to "Bhavishya Malika," as a warning to the devotees, several signs will appear from the Jagannath Temple in Puri, Odisha, towards the end of Kali Yuga. These signs will serve as evidence confirming the conclusion of Kali Yuga and the arrival of Lord Kalki's incarnation.
"Bhavishya Malika" predicts that when Lord Jagannath, who originally resides in a non- manifest form, assumes a human form, a fire will break out in the gem-studded chandua 
(canopy) placed over the deities in the Jagannath Temple. This event, as foretold, occurred around 2004-05.
Another significant indication pertains to the presence of ominous birds perching atop the temple. It is a known fact that birds are rarely seen flying over the Jagannath Puri Temple, and this phenomenon has puzzled scientists and researchers. However, according to the Bhavishya Malika, towards the end of Kali Yuga, several times, inauspicious birds like
vultures, eagles, or hawks will sit on the 'Patitapavana Bana' (flag) atop the temple. This has happened numerous times in recent years, including sightings on August 11, 2018,
December 26, 2018, and July 23, 2020. On December 7, 2021, a group of such ominous birds circled around the Jagannath Temple's flag. This phenomenon was once again witnessed on August 17, 2022. Moreover, in May and June 2023, the residents of Puri once again observed this unsettling event when these birds perched on the temple flag.

The flag hoisted on the top of the Neela Chakra of Jagannath Temple is known as Patitapavana Bana. The event of the "Patitapavana Bana" (flag of Lord Jagannath that can
even purify the sinner) being blown away by the wind is another sign described in "Bhavishya Malika." This phenomenon occurred on May 2, 2019, when strong winds caused
the flagpole to fall into the sea, just a day before the extremely severe cyclone 'Fani' hit the coastal areas of Puri. Similarly, a similar event took place on May 18, 2020, just two days before Cyclone 'Amphan' struck the Odisha coast. These occurrences align with the predictions made in "Bhavishya Malika" and are considered significant omens signifying the
end of Kali Yuga.
The burning of the flag atop the Jagannath Puri Temple is considered one of the signs indicating the end of Kali Yuga. Traditionally, during every Ekadashi, a lamp is lit near the
Nila Chakra (Blue Wheel, which is made of eight metals.) On March 19, 2020, during the auspicious Papamochani Ekadashi, a lamp was lit near the Nila Chakra, atop the temple.
Strangely, on that occasion, the Patitapavana Bana caught fire when it came into contact with the lamp. This event is seen as a significant omen, reinforcing the predictions of the
approaching end of Kali Yuga as mentioned in "Bhavishya Malika."
The repeated falling of stones from the Jagannath Puri Temple and its premises is another significant omen of the end of Kali Yuga. This phenomenon has been occurring since 2005.
Stones falling from various parts of the temple have been witnessed multiple times. On November 1, 2011, a stone fell near the Nila Chakra area, which is an important part of the
temple. In 2015, a stone weighing around 30-40 kilograms fell near the western part of the temple, close to the Bimala Temple. More recently, on August 3, 2022, a piece of plaster weighing approximately 1.5 kilograms fell from the ceiling of the temple's sanctum sanctorum. On October 23, 2022, a stone fell near the Natamandap and Jagamohan, and
another stone, weighing 2-3 kilograms, fell from the third layer of the Sakhi's idol near the South-East corner of the temple premises. These occurrences are seen as significant signs, foretelling the approaching end of Kali Yuga, as predicted in "Bhavishya Malika."
The holy Banyan tree, also known as Kalpavata, located inside the courtyard of Shree Jagannath temple, is like Lord Jagannath himself in the form of a tree. Kalpavata is compared
to the body of God, and it is proclaimed that even a small outer piece of bark being broken from the tree can cause extreme discomfort to God. The Neelachakra, also known as the
Nilachakra, is a large, disc-shaped wheel located on top of the Jagannath Temple in Puri, Odisha, India. The Neelachakra is made of an alloy known as "astadhatu" (eight metals),
including iron and copper and weighs approximately 2200 kg. On May 3, 2019, the devastating cyclone 'Fani,' which struck the Puri coast, not only deformed the ‘Neel Chakra’
(atop the Jagannath Temple but also wreaked havoc on the ancient Kalpavata (sacred banyan tree) located within the temple complex, confirming yet another significant sign of the end
of Kali Yuga, as described in books written 600 years ago.
Several other signs mentioned in the Bhavishya Malika have been observed to manifest from the Jagannath Temple in recent times. One of these signs is the recurring occurrence of
bloodshed within the temple premises for various reasons. In summary, nearly all the signs described in the Malika books have been witnessed over the past 15-20 years.
Furthermore, the Malika clearly states that during the final phase of Kaliyuga, there will be a person named "Narendra" who will be the ruler (Prime Minister) of India. Simultaneously, the responsibility for the state of Odisha will be entrusted to Shri Naveen Patnaik, the son of Shri Bijayananda (Biju Patnaik).
Mahapurush Achyutananda Das, in his scripture "Gupta Gyan," provides another sign related to the end of Kaliyuga and the incarnation of Lord Kalki.

	dibya siṁha aṁke bābu saraba dekhibu,
	chādi cakā galu boli niścaya jāṇibu,
	nara bāluta rūpare āmbhe janamibu।

In the aforementioned Odia verses, Mahapurush Achyutananda Das states that during the reign of Shri Divyasingha, the establishment of dharma will occur. It will be during that time
that Lord Vishnu will leave His Jagannath abode and incarnate as a human child. The great sage Jagannath Das, born on Radha Ashtami in Kapileshwarpur near Puri, has
provided a sign of the end of Kaliyuga in his book 'Kali Malika' as follows:

	puruṣottama deba rājā ṭhāru,
	unabiṁśa rājā heba seṭhāru।
	seṭhāru puṇa rājā nāhiṁ āu,
	akuli hoibe kulaku bahu।।

The aforementioned Odia verses state that the great sage Jagannath Das wrote 600 years ago that a total of 19 kings, including the first king, Shri Purushottam Dev, would become rulers of the Jagannath Temple in Puri at different times. The sage further wrote that there would be no king after the nineteenth king, as there would be no one to continue the royal lineage. This means that they would be without sons.
According to the tradition of King Indradyumna, various kings ruled Puri at different times. Starting with King Shri Purushottam Dev, currently, Shri Divyasingh Dev (the fourth) is carrying out the responsibilities of a ruler in Puri. Shri Divyasingh Dev was born in 1953 and became the king of Puri in 1970 at the age of 17, following his father's death. He has no sons, only four daughters. According to the great sages, Shri Divyasingh Dev (the fourth) will be the last king of Puri, and during his reign, the birth of Lord Kalki and the establishment of religion will take place.
All of these signs were written by the Panchasakha to make it clear to the devotees that the end of Kali Yuga has arrived, and Lord Vishnu, equipped with 64 arts, has descended as the tenth and final avatar to destroy adharma (unrighteousness) and establish dharma (righteousness) on Earth.
In the Bhavishya Malika, there is detailed information about the Kalki avatar. In earlier times, Maharshi Vedavyasa described in the Shrimad Bhagavat Mahapurana that the birthplace of Lord Kalki is identified as 'Sambal Gram' (village of Sambal). He wrote:
	“śambala-grāma-mukhyasya brāhmaṇasya mahātmanaḥ
	bhavane viṣṇuyaśasaḥ kalkiḥ prādurbhaviṣyati”

In these verses, it is prophesied that Lord Kalki will take birth in the home of a revered Brahmin who fervently praises Lord Vishnu in the village of Sambal.
Later, in the 'Vanparva' of the Mahabharata, Maharishi Vyas made a slight modification and referred to the birthplace of Lord Kalki as 'Sambhut Sambal Gram.'
	kalki viṣṇuyaśā nāma dvijaḥ kālapracoditaḥ।
	utpatsyate mahāvīryo mahābuddhiparākramaḥ।।
	sambhūtaḥ sambhalagrāme brāhmaṇāvasathe śubhe।
	manasā tasya sarvāṇi vāhanānyāyudhāni ca।।
	upasthāsyanti yodhāśca śastrāṇi kavacāni ca।
	
In other words, during the culmination of the age, inspired by divine providence, a powerful child named 'Kalki' will manifest in the village of Sambal, a settlement that will be established as a haven for Brahmins devoted to worship and rituals. This remarkable soul will possess exceptional wisdom, valor, righteousness, and an unwavering commitment to the welfare of the people. With but a thought in his mind, he will be instantly equipped with divine vehicles, weaponry, warriors, and protective shields.
Through the verses mentioned above, Maharishi Vyasa conveyed that Lord Kalki will take birth in 'Sambhut Sambal Gram,' signifying a place that has been established for Brahmins to
conduct their sacred rituals and worship. He mentioned that in this very Sambal Gram, Lord Kalki would take birth in the residence of a highly revered Brahmin residing in the village of Sambal, who devoutly extols the glories of Lord Vishnu.
In the Bhavishya Malika scriptures, the Panchasakha have identified the settlement of Brahmins situated near the banks of the Vaitarani River in Odisha's Jajpur district, to the east of Maa Biraja Temple as the birthplace of Lord Kalki. The name Jajpur is derived from the name of the 10th-century Somavanshi king, Raja Jajati Kesari, who founded and established this city as his capital. He later changed the city's name from Jajanagar to Jajpur. Raja Jajati Kesari brought around 10,000 Brahmins from Kannauj in Uttar Pradesh to Jajpur to conduct the Ashwamedha Yagna. The Dashashwamedha Ghat on the banks of the Vaitarani River commemorates this significant event. Moreover, the Brahmin settlement located to the east of the Biraja Temple in Jajpur district is referred to as "Sambhut Sambhal Gram" in the Mahabharata's 'Vanparva' by Maharishi Vyasa, alluding to this sacred site as "Sambhut Sambal Gram."

The mention of Jajpur is also found in ancient narratives and scriptures of India, where it is referred to as Biraja and Vaitarani Tirtha. The Kapil Samhita, Brahmanda Purana, Vayu
Purana, Brahma Purana, Tantra Chintamani, and Chaitanya Charitamrita all describe Jajpur as a highly sacred pilgrimage site. Information from the Mahabharata's 'Vanaparva' tells us
that during their pilgrimage, the Pandavas took a holy dip in the Vaitarani River at this very Biraja site, accompanied by the Lomash Rishi.
In ancient times, Lord Brahma himself performed a yajna (sacrificial ritual) at the Brahmakunda in this place. Following the yajna, Mother Parvati emerged from the yajnavedi
(sacrificial altar), and she instructed Lord Brahma to establish her as 'Biraja' in this region. According to the Skanda Purana, this location purifies the Rajoguna (one of the three qualities or Gunas in Hindu philosophy) of pilgrims and therefore is referred to as Viraja or Biraja Kshetra. Additionally, the Tantra Chudamani states that Goddess Sati's navel fell at this very location, making the ancient Maa Biraja Temple a significant Shakti Peetha (a sacred shrine dedicated to the Goddess Shakti).
Due to the belief that Gayasur's navel also fell in this area, it is sometimes called Nabhigaya Tirtha as well. This place is renowned for performing pindadaan (offering to the deceased ancestors) and tarpan (a ritual offering to ancestors), akin to the world-famous Gaya in Bihar.
Jajpur is often referred to as the region with 'one less than one crore (one less than ten million)' Shivalingas. It is said that when excavating in the Biraja area, a Shivalinga can always be found. The presence of numerous Shiva temples in the city and a series of Shivalingas in the Birja temple further affirm Jajpur's importance for Shiva devotees.
Estimates suggest there are approximately 200 ancient Shiva temples in the Biraja area, even if we don't account for the dilapidated structures.

The Panchasakhas have mentioned the birthplace of Lord Kalki with great clarity in various Malika books. Mahapurusha Achyutananda Das, while quoting the Lord's words himself,
writes in his Malika book, "Brahmakalpa Samhita."

	muṁ jāta biṣṇujaśā gharē, martyamaṁḍala ōdiśārē।

In other words, I will be born in the home of a devotee who sings the praises of Lord Vishnu, in the land of Odisha, in this impermanent world.
Mahapurusha Achyutananda Das reiterates the Lord's words in his treatise "Brahma Saraswata Patala"

	āmbhē naradēha kalakī hōibu utkala dēśarē jāīṁ,
	sēṭhārē mahimā prakāśa karibu munigaṇa madhyē rahi।

In other words, I will go to Utkala (the ancient name for Odisha) and take on a human form to manifest as the Kalki avatar. There, I will reside among the sages and seers and reveal my divine glory. 
In the scripture "Tatvabodhini," he writes –

	jājanagrē prabhu janama hēbē, janama hōibē brāhmaṇa bhābē।
Meaning, the Lord will be born in a Brahmin family in Jaajanagr (present-day Jajpur). Mahapurush Achyutananda Das also describes the birthplace of Lord Kalki in his scripture
"Bigyan Kalpa."
	jājanagrē mahāprabhu janama hōibē, garudaku saṁgē ghēni līlā jē karibē।
	
In other words, Mahaprabhu Kalki will be born in Jajjangra and engage in divine plays with Garuda. Mahapurusha Achyutananda Das left no doubt about the birthplace of Lord Kalki in his religious scripture 'Biraja Mahatmya.' He wrote that -

	śuṇa bāra suta, nihāra bacana, ē aṭē acyuta ṭhāra,
	nābhigayā tīrthē, harihara kṣētra, grāmaṭi sambala pura।

The Lord, while describing His birthplace, says that there is a village called Sambal in Nabheegaya, where the Harihar region is situated, and that is where I will be born.
Mahapurush Jashobant Das, one of the Panchasakha, born in Adhanga under Nilo village of Jagatsinghpur district of Odisha, wrote in his Malika book –

	yēthi madhyarē jē gupata sthāna, nābhimaṇḍala bōli jāra nāma।
	dēhabaṁti hōi khēlibē tahiṁ, gōpī gōpāla bhakataṁku laiṁ।।

In other words, the Lord will take human form in a hidden place called Nabhimandala (Nabhigaya) and perform divine pastimes with His devotees, the gopis and gopas.
In the book "Kalikalpa Gita," Mahapurush Achyutananda Das writes:
	biṣṇuśarmāgr̥hē prabhu hōibē jāta, gayārē saṁbalanagra harihara kṣētra।
Meaning, in Gaya (Nabhigaya), in the Harihar Kshetra, in the house of a devotee who sings the glories of Lord Vishnu, the Lord will take birth.

Describing the birthplace of the Lord, Mahapurush Achyutananda Das writes again in his
book "Gurubhakti Gita":
	gayārē sambala nagra biṣṇuśarmā ghara, janamiṇa tapasyā karibē cakradhara।
That is, Chakradhar (Lord Vishnu) will be born in the house of a devotee living in Sambal Nagar, Gaya (Nabhighaya) and singing the praises of Lord Vishnu and thereafter, will
perform penance. Quoting the words of the Lord, the great man Balram Das, an incarnation of Narada Muni, one of the Panchasakhas, wrote in his book 'Kali Aagat Bhabishyant' -
	śuṇa bāliā tōtē kahi। āmbhē janamibu jēuṁṭhāiṁ।।
	tāhā kahibā tōtē śuṇa। jē jājapura bōli grāma।।

Meaning, I will take birth in the place I am about to describe, listen carefully. That place will be a village named Jajpur.
Mahapurusha Jagannatha Das also wrote about this subject. While transcribing the words of the Lord in his book "Kali Malika," he writes

	āmbha janama aṇatiriśarē। janma hōibu birajā nagrarē।।
	padmābatī garbhē janma hōibu। khaṁḍagirirē dhyānarē basibu।।

Meaning, I will take birth from Padmavati's womb in the place of Biraja Nagara and engage in meditation at a location called Khandaagiri. Mahapurusha Shishu Ananta Das, one of the Panchasakha, wrote about the Lord's birthplace in his instructions to his disciple Baranga –
	śuṇa hē bāraṁga kahibā sē raṁga prabhu abatāra sthāna,
	śrī birajā kṣētrē janama labhibē anaṁta miśra gr̥hēṇa।
Meaning, the Lord will be born in the house of Ananta Mishra in Biraja Kshetra. Writing the Lord's words as they are, Mahapurusha Achyutananda Das wrote in his book 'Jai Birachita Chautisha':

	jētēbēlē nīlācala chādikari jibu।
	jājapura bipragharē jāiṁ janamibu।

	jagithibu hē।
	jē jētē kahilē na śuṇibu hē।

Meaning, after leaving Neelachala (Sri Kshetra), I will be born in the house of a Brahmin in Jajpur.
Through a deep study of the Bhavishya Malika scriptures, it becomes clear that Jajpur in Odisha is the sacred place where the tenth and final incarnation of Lord Vishnu, Kalki has
taken birth.
Nearly 600 years ago, the Panchasakhas wrote in various books, giving different names to the birthplace of Lord Kalki. It is referred to as 'Jajnagar' in some books, while in others, it is mentioned as 'Jajpur'. Some books call it the 'Nabhigaya region,' while others name it 'Biraja Kshetra.' In some places, 'Satyavatipur' is written, which is synonymous with the famous Biraja Siddha Shaktipeeth. In several instances, 'Sambal Nagra' is mentioned, and in a few places, the name 'Harihar Kshetra' is used. Notably, a single temple situated not far from the Biraja Temple worships both Lord Vishnu and Lord Shiva, which is why this region is also referred to as Harihar Kshetra.

The birthplace of Lord Kalki is significant, but Jajpur holds importance in various other aspects. According to the Bhavishya Malika scriptures, in the future, 'Sudharma Sabha' will be established in Jajpur. Normally, 'Sudharma Sabha' refers to the assembly of Lord Indra in the heavenly realm. However, this time, it will be situated in Odisha's Biraja Kshetra, i.e., Jajpur, under the leadership of Lord Kalki and Goddess Lakshmi. In addition to Lord Brahma, Narada Muni, and all the deities, this assembly will also include selected devotees of the Lord. Not only this, but Jajpur's significance is further established by the fact that according to the Bhavishya Malika, Jajpur will become the capital of the world in the future.
In any case, describing the Lord further, Malika states that He will live life not as an ascetic but like an ordinary human being. The Lord will engage His beloved devotees in simple service and spend His days in play and amusement. After His birth, He will reside in Jajpur for several years, then leave His home and go to a place known as "Khandagiri," a
"Siddhasthal" (an abode of perfect masters,) where He will engage in deep meditation and perform divine plays with His devotees. Bhagavan Parashuram, residing on the
Mahendragiri mountain in Odisha's Ganjam and Gajapati districts, will impart knowledge of weaponry and martial arts to Him.
Regarding His birth, Lord Kalki will spend 12 months in His mother's womb, and His birth will occur at midnight. The Lord will have eighteen marks on His feet, and there will be a
mark of Srivatsa on His chest. However, according to the Bhavishya Malika, only the most pure-hearted devotees will be able to see these marks. Lord Kalki will engage in childhood
pastimes during His infancy, youthful pastimes in His boyhood, and adolescent pastimes during His teenage years. It is in His adolescent years that He will fulfill the establishment of dharma with His devotees.
Before this, He will establish the "Sudharma Maha-Mahasangha" and later form sixteen Mandalas, connecting 8,000 devotees with Him.
In Bhavishya Malika, the Panchasakha have also written with clarity about Lord Kalki's marriage. According to the book, Lord Kalki's marriage will be with Mata Vaishno Devi and
Mata Lakshmi.
Great sage Achyutananda Das writes in his book 'Tera Janma Sharan'
	bēni bhārijā mō bhābarē hōibē, nara jakṣa kanyā jahiṁ।
	sūkṣmarē sēbā karuthibē niti, nara na cinhibē kēhi।।

In other words, Lord Kalki will have two wives who will serve Him. One (Mata Lakshmi) will take human form, while Mata Vaishno Devi will serve Him in the form of a Yaksha girl. No
ordinary person will be able to recognize these two mothers.
It is known that during His Rama avatar, Lord promised Mata Vaishno Devi that He would marry Her when He incarnates as Kalki at the end of Kali Yuga. He also instructed Her to
remain in meditation on the Trikuta Mountain until then. However, according to the Bhavishya Malika, Lord Kalki's marriage to Mata Vaishno Devi will be of a subtle nature. The
physical marriage of the Lord will take place with Mata Lakshmi in Khandagiri, Odisha, during a grand ceremony where Lord Brahma, Mata Parvati, Lord Shiva, and Ashtadurga, and
some selected devotees, will be present.
According to the Bhavishya Malika, in the present time, humanity is going through extremely challenging circumstances. In the Kali Yuga, the four legs of dharma have been reduced to just one, and even that one is on the verge of being completely lost with the end of Kali Yuga. Most people may be unaware that in the coming years, humanity will face great trials and tribulations. In such trying times, saving their existence will be the greatest challenge for them. It is well-known that the divine play of Lord Kalki's destruction has already begun since the year 2020 and will continue until 2027, reaching its final stage. According to the Bhavishya Malika, after Saturn enters Pisces in 2025, the dance of destruction will commence, making it extremely difficult for humanity to survive. 
Since human civilization has polluted all the five elements (water, air, fire, earth, and space), in the coming times, humanity will witness both war and the destruction of the five elements, and nature itself will become helpless. Saint Achyutanand Das writes in the Malikā, "Pātāla Bāsuki Ṭekiba Muṇḍa, tini thara je kaṁpība Brahmāṇḍa," meaning that frequent and strong earthquakes will occur, and "tini thara," or three big earthquakes, will take place. The most significant earthquake will have a magnitude of 16 to 17 on the Richter scale. As a result, even large buildings will crumble, and the world will witness significant devastation. Imagining the scenes of destruction will be extremely difficult for humanity. The scenario of devastation will likely be extremely challenging for humanity. On a single day, approximately 100 crore (1 billion) people will lose their lives from Delhi to Nepal, Pakistan, China, Hong Kong, Baluchistan, Afghanistan, Indonesia, and Thailand. Furthermore, the current geographical landscape of the world will undergo drastic changes. Many mountains and hills will transform into rivers, and numerous rivers that have completely dried up will revert to their previous form. According to the Bhavishya Malika, after this earthquake, a significant shift will occur in the Earth's axis. The positions of the North Pole and South Pole will change, and the sun, rising in the west, will set in the east.
According to the Malikā, there will be a world war towards the end of the Kali Yuga, and it will play a significant role in the impending destruction. The Panchasakha state that during the Dvapara Yuga, the Mahabharata war supposed to last for 18 days, but there was an unfinished battle or "Ek Bela Yuddha," which is destined to take place at the end of the Kali Yuga, orchestrated by Lord Sri Krishna. Malika mentions that all the major warriors from the time of the Mahabharata have already been born on Earth. Among them are the five young warriors – Abhimanyu, Barbareek, Babhruvahana, Eklavya, and Ghatotkacha, who had various reasons for not participating in the war during their time. These five, along with
other key figures such as the Pandavas and Kauravas, Bhishma, Drona, Karna, Duryodhana, Shalya, Ashwatthama, and Bhurishrava, will engage in a fierce battle on the side of dharma
against adharma.
According to the Malikā, 13 Muslim nations, including Pakistan, and China, will launch an attack on India, leading to a regional conflict that will quickly escalate into a catastrophic world war with the involvement of other countries. In the third world war, nuclear weapons will be extensively used, although Lord Kalki will prevent the use of nuclear bombs on India, thus thwarting the schemes of its enemies.
The Malikā further mentions that Russia, Japan, Germany, and France will support India in this war. Despite severe missile attacks on some major Indian cities, Lord Kalki will
eventually lead India to victory, fulfilling the dream of "Akhand Bharat" or Undivided India. According to the Malikā, the remaining battle of the Mahabharata will be fought on the soil of Odisha and will last for a total of 13 months. The battle will conclude with the massacre of 14 lakh (1.4 million) foreign soldiers by Lord Kalki, and this event is predicted to take place in the years 2025-26.
The Panchasakha had written about 600 years ago that a large dam named 'Hirakud' would be constructed in the state of Odisha, which would be destroyed by India's enemies at the
end of the Kali Yuga. Its destruction would lead to severe flooding in six districts of Odisha. In addition, road and rail links will be cut off. It is well-known that in 1948, construction work on the Hirakud Dam began in Odisha, and it was completed in 1953. The dam was officially inaugurated in January 1957 by the then Prime Minister, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru. With a total length of 26 kilometers, the Hirakud Dam, built over the Mahanadi River in the Sambalpur district of Odisha, is currently the world's longest human-made dam. This prophecy's accuracy was confirmed by the completion of the first part of the prediction. The second part of this prophecy is expected to come true in 2024-25 when, during the India- China war, the Hirakud Dam will be breached due to a Chinese missile attack, resulting in  flooding in six districts of Odisha.
The prophecies in the Malikā also include a great destruction caused by Agnipralaya (fire catastrophe), Pavanpralaya (wind catastrophe), and Jalpralaya (water catastrophe). There
will be numerous volcanic eruptions in flat regions, leading to the destruction of countless buildings as if Lord Indra himself is raining fire. Also, tumultuous winds will wreak havoc on the world. Coastal areas will experience unprecedented devastation due to water catastrophes. There will be tornadoes, hurricanes, severe flooding from rivers, and massive
tsunamis, which will pose a severe threat to humanity's survival. Landslides, hurricanes, river flooding, and the fall of comets and meteors will continue to bring destruction upon
people walking the path of adharma. The melting of the Arctic ice will result in a significant rise in sea levels, with the most profound impact on the Atlantic Ocean. This will cause powerful nations, including the United States and England, to be submerged by up to 75%.
According to the prophecies, during the end times, the world will witness several dreadful pandemics. 64 Yoginis will bring forth 64 types of diseases. These diseases will be so perilous that numerous people will succumb to death, and neither doctors will have a cure nor medicines will be effective against them.
In line with the predictions of the Panchasakhas, the water of the sea will inundate the 22 steps of the Jagannath Temple, and fish will start swimming on those steps. Before that, Lord Jagannath, along with his elder brother Balabhadra and sister Subhadra, will depart from Puri to visit the Chhatia Vat Temple. They will stay there for seven days and perform rituals before returning to the main Jagannath Temple.
According to Malikā's prophecies, there will be a time during the world war when neither the sun will rise nor the moon, plunging the entire Earth into darkness for seven days and
seven nights. During this time, the world will also endure unprecedented water catastrophes. As a result, the world will experience profound darkness, and at the same time, a powerful water deluge will be devastating. There will be a period of great turmoil when wildlife will disrupt human habitats, and divine forces like Chandi, Chamunda, Dakini, and Pishachini will engage in fierce battles against the evildoers. During these seven days and nights of darkness, there will be no electricity or scientific instruments to rely on. At this time, Lord Kalki will extend the scope of his destructive play, annihilating the wicked.
In brief, within the next 2-3 years, an unprecedented and unimaginable catastrophe is set to engulf the entire human race. This will mark the end of the Kali Yuga era. All institutions today, whether they are schools, universities, hospitals, corporations, banks, or any other entities, will cease to exist. Even all forms of communication will become inactive.
Readers will be pleased to know that there are ways to avoid this impending catastrophe, as suggested by the Panchasakhas in their prophecies. To escape this, individuals must strive to become entirely sattvic (pure) in mind, speech, and actions. This includes giving up all forms of meat and adopting a sattvic diet. People will need to uphold the values of truth, peace, compassion, forgiveness, and friendship in their lives. Abandoning the path of unrighteousness and following the path of righteousness is essential. Daily practice of Trisandhya (meditation and prayers three times a day) and regular recitation of the Shrimad Bhagavat Mahapuran will assist people in securing themselves from the forthcoming great destruction. It is worth noting that it has already been written in Bhavishya Malikā that following the destruction play of Lord Kalki, 33 crore individuals within India and 31 crore individuals outside India will survive and bear witness to the era of Satya Yuga.
In the upcoming Satya Yuga, India's governance system will be established by Chandravanshi Devapi, the eldest son of King Pratipa and the elder brother of King Shantanu, and Maru, the descendant of King Ikshvaku. Prince Devapi of the Chandravanshi dynasty will rule in Hastinapura (present-day Delhi), and Prince Maru of the Suryavanshi dynasty in Ayodhya.
These two individuals have been engaged in meditation in a village called Kalapagram in the northern part of India for the past 5,000 years. Due to suffering from leprosy, the eldest among all brothers, Devapi, could not ascend to the throne during the Dvapara Yuga and went to the forest to practice penance. After completing 5,000 years of penance, they will be summoned by Lord Kalki and will be anointed as rulers.
They will terminate the democratic system, and Lord Kalki himself will become the king of the entire world, centralizing global governance. He will coronate over one lakh devotees as rulers of various small regions worldwide. From the sacred land of Jajpur, they will enlighten the world with the eternal dharma, re-establish the Ram Rajya (the ideal kingdom of Lord Rama), and reign for 1,009 years, providing endless happiness to the devotees before returning to their divine abode.
Friends, we should take the prophecies of Bhavishya Malika and the Panchasakha very seriously and not ignore them at all. Through the Panchasakha, the words of Lord Vishnu
Himself have been imparted in an abstract form. Notably, the great sage Achyutananda Das, among his most important books, wrote in "Shibakalpa Nabakhanda Nirghanta":
	sītā ṭhākurāṇī asatī hōibē, parbatē phuṭiba kaīṁ।
	acyuti bacana tilē na ṭaliba, pāṣāṇara gāra ēhi ।।
Meaning, in the end of Kali Yuga, some people will accuse Mother Sita of impurity, and the event of lotus flowers blooming on mountain peaks will occur. The words of Achyutananda
Das will never fade, for they are etched in stone.
In another work, "Chakada Madana," Mahapurusha Achyutananda Das wrote:
	pr̥thvī duiphāla hēlē hōiba, pūrba sūrya abā paścimē jiba।
	parbata śikharē phuṭiba kaīṁ, acyutī bacana mithyā nuhaṁi।
	acyutīra bāṇī aṭē patharara gāra, ānakaribāku nāhiṁ śakati kāhāra।।
	
In other words, the Earth will split into two parts, the sun will rise in the east and set in the west, and lotus flowers will bloom on mountain peaks. The words of Achyutananda Das will never be incorrect. His words are etched in stone, and there is no one in the entire universe who has the power to alter them.
If you are a vegetarian, not addicted to any kind of intoxicants, want to witness the appearance of Lord Kalki, wish to remain safe during the impending cataclysm, and want to
follow the instructions of Lord Kalki to become a witness to the coming Satya Yuga, then for more information, visit www.kalkiavatara.com or www.kalkiabatara.org and connect with
Pandit Kashinath Mishra through his YouTube channel. Remember, the entire process is free of cost.
It is worth noting that the present great Vaishnava devotee from Odisha revered Pandit Kashinath Mishra, has been researching the hidden elements of "Bhavishya Malika" for more
than 30 years. He is fully dedicated to spreading it for free, sharing the precise interpretation of the scriptures.
It's amazing that Mahapurush Achyutananda Das wrote about this topic around 600 years ago:

	brāhmaṇa kūlare thiba bhakata , brāhmaṇa jāti re se kāśīnātha।
	se kāśī bhakata hoiba jehi, dhaṇḍā bāṇṭiba se hukuma dei।
	- Tattva Bodhini, Page- 16, Mahāpuruṣa Achyutānanda

Referring to the great Odiya devotee and the noted Malika interpreter Pandit Shree Kashinath Mishra, revered sage Achyutanand Das foretells in his treatise that at the end of
Kali Yuga, an ardent devotee of Lord Vishnu will be born in the Brahmin caste and be named 'Kashinath'. This devotee will distribute God's grace and holy basil among the devotees. He will enlighten the devotees about the upcoming Yuga transformation and the establishment of Dharma through the immortal and eternal divine speech of 'Bhavishya Malika.'
Additionally, he will provide essential instructions to the devotees.

Below are the important events which the Bhavishya Maalika mentions:

1. Farmers will stop farming work and wild animals will start attacking villages and cities.
2. The Earth's axis will change. After this there will be many earthquakes.
3. 2 Suns will be visible in the sky. A meteore will fall in the Bay of Bengal and Odisha will be submerged.
4. The sea level will rise and water will reach up to the 22nd step of the Jagannath temple. Then the idol of the Lord will be taken to Chhattia batta by his devotees.
5. Due to natural disasters happening on earth, there will be darkness on earth for 7 days. It is being said that this event will happen between 2022 to 2029.
6. On one side there will be natural disasters and on the other side there will be great flood. The third world war will begin when Saturn enters Aquarius.
7. The third world war will last for 6 years and 6 months. China will attack India along with 13 Muslim countries. Last 13 months of the war will be in India. India will be victorious in this. India will not only destroy its enemies forever but will also become Vishwa Guru.
8. The last leader of India, will be a married man and will have no children. To lead the world in that, He will have amazing abilities and will be able to establish peace with the help of religion.
9. At that time the last king of Odisha would be Gajapati Maharaj. During this time, Lord Kalki will appear.
10. A large part of America will be submerged. China will break into many pieces. The name of Pakistan will be erased with Pakistan. The force that unites will become weak and miserable. Russia will become a foreign country. There will be no more pure debate. of the population there Will be equal.
11. Almost all the population of Europe will be destroyed. In the end Russia will gain victory.
12. People will die like insects and the world population will be reduced to only 64 crores. China will be destroyed completely. Russia will become a Sanatani nation.
13. A national highway will be constructed connecting Jagannathpuri. Stones will fall from the top of Puri temple and the flag of the temple will fall several times. Due to natural disasters, Jagannath puri will be submerged in the ocean.
14. Elders and teachers will not be disrespected. Hypocritical people will loot people by posing as false religious gurus. In the future, people will lose religion, sensitivity, love and The values ​​will end. Good and religious devotees will be ridiculed.
15. Gradually the number of theists will decrease and the world will be divided between theists and atheists. Humans will become adulterous.There will be an unnatural relationship between man and woman and woman with woman.
16. Animals will attack homes. In the coming days we will see conflict between humans and animals. Wild animals will roam in cities.
17. Natural disasters will wreak havoc, people will be plagued by strange epidemics and diseases. Storms will bring a lot of distruction.Inflation will increase so much, that people will protest on the streets.
18. At the end of the age the life-giving Sun being will become the life-taking one. According to Mahagupta Padma Kalpa, Lord Jagannath will travel across the entire earth with a sword and kill all the ill-wishers. Only when everyone is destroyed will the Kaliyuga end.
19. The great saint Sissu Ananta Das has mentioned in the book “Patta Madaan” of Maalia that in future, Ratha Yatra will take place in the month of Ashwin (usually Ratha Yatra is in Ashadha). It is celebrated in the month but in future it will be seen in the month of Aashadha instead of Ashwan month.)
20. The day there will be a conjunction of five planets in one zodiac sign, then understand that from that day famine will engulf the world.
21. Sri Lanka will be hit with a severe food crisis. After Sri Lanka, Nepal and India will be hit with famine and starvation.
22. Garga Rishi has also mentioned this in his Garga Samahita through a verse “As soon as war starts in the world, there will be famine and starvation all over the world.” There will be storms and due to this, crores of people will die in this earth like insects, there will be blood in this earth.
23. More than one atomic bomb will be dropped on India and will be disabled and the attack will fail miraculously.
24. In many villages only 3-4 people will live and they will have to survive by eating very little food. It will be difficult to get food even after a gap of 2 weeks.
25. There will be small earthquakes continuously throughout the world and then a great earthquake that will shake the earth three times. An unbearable noise will produce from regions, including Delhi, India, Pakistan, China, Afghanistan, Afghanistan, Indonesia, Thailand. etc. This earthquake will kill millions of people on the earth. China and Pakistan will be so badly damaged that it will be difficult to even imagine That such countries existed.
26. In this earthquake, huge mountains and skyscrapers will disappear as if they never existed.
27. There will be constant meteor showers and lots of such meteors will fall on earth causing destruction.
28. Around 60-70% USA will be submerged into water.
